frotz slouch.z5


nb tin cylinder january eighth


nb tin cylinder january twenty-second
January the 22nd.  Arrived in London today in preparation for taking
over my duties.  The cab driver took what seemed a scenic route
through Smithfield, then generally southward towards Newgate.
I covered my nose as best I could as we passed the slaughterhouse that
was the Market, though I noted a Mechanist's shop—Du Mondes'—on Fleet,
which I will try to visit at my earliest convenience, as my worst
fears regarding the wireless have been confirmed.  It probably says
something profound about me that I set up the magnetophone first,
while everything else remains boxed or is still on its way from Bedfordshire.
As I feared, I found no signal whatsoever.  A simple message of
'Calling CQ' went completely unanswered, which is unheard of, as there
is *always* someone listening, particularly in such a city as London.
I fear the buildings are blocking the signal, and I'll require a
booster of some sort.  I understood the driver's choice of route when
we approached the prison from the north.  A huge crowd was gathered
for the public executions.  I asked him about the particular
individual sentenced to the gallows as we passed and he proceeded to
tell me—at great length and with much relish—of the trial of one Mr.
Emanuel Barthelemy.  I wondered if today was something special, or if
the spectacle of death always attracts such crowds.  I heard a cheer
go up from the top of the hill as we pulled to a stop in front of the flat.
I shall not take this as an omen of any sort.  What I've seen of the
place is modest, but I am not at all surprised considering what I am
paying for it.  I intend to spend as little time here as possible,
after all.  Bedlam awaits me in the morning.  A final note.  It seems
I left the majority of my unused cylinders at Bedfordshire.  I shall
have to write Yeates and ask that he send them down, or perhaps seek
out where I may purchase them locally.  In the meantime, I shall
refrain from making a phonograph-entry until something truly momentous
happens.


nb tin cylinder march second
March the 2nd.  It seems the Fates have listened closely and decided
to give me a momentous occasion as quickly as possible.  I am beside myself.
Bedlam seems nothing more than a pit in which Her Majesty may place
those she wishes to forget about.  Such corruption dwarfs the imagination.
Perhaps I overstate the case, but it was the simple ease with which
the constable approached me that most horrified me.  If such things as
this happen as a matter of course, then the place has truly been in
the hands of the mad for some time.  I suppose I should have seen such
things coming.  The Insane Prisoners' Act passed in '40 was vague
enough that it could be used as a political tool, and McNaughton's
trial made it clear that the courts would do so when forced, but at
least such things happened in the public eye.  My predecessor clearly
had some arrangement with the Bobbies regarding cases such as these.
James told me that he met often with the constable, though he was not
privy as to the content of these meetings.  Simply put, I was asked to
make the prisoner in their charge 'disappear' and told that I would be
'well compensated' for keeping things quiet.  Part of me wishes I had
put up more of a fight… had made an issue, or… But what choice have I?
It has been made clear to me that keeping things quiet is precisely
what is expected of me in my time in Bedlam.  I have placed Cleve—
whose preternatural silence even as he struggled in his bonds gave the
entire proceedings a sheen of unreality—in the abandoned upper level
of the northern wing, keeping the key separate from the rest.
James showed it to me on my arrival and stated that while it still
remained secure, only a few of the rooms were to be considered 'usable'.
Still, perhaps this is a blessing in disguise.  I have complete
singular access to an interesting patient.  Perhaps this is the
opportunity my studies have been waiting for…


nb tin cylinder march sixteenth
March the 16th.  I dread to say it, but I believe I am going mad.
The—*moments*—come more frequently now.  I fear that I have found
what I have sought, and I shall now pay the price for it.
Chaos treads the halls of Bedlam; her work is evident everywhere…
I discredit my profession; examining madness as if the world were a
fluent thing and sanity as malleable as the warm wax of a candle.
The secret lays heavily on both my mind and heart.  I have told no one;
I despair a second opinion would confirm my worst suspicions.
I have secured all my knowledge of these events within the mechanical
assistant left by my predecessor.  It was my hope that it would allow
me to see the situation from a new perspective, and help me discover
the key to my salvation.  Alas, it has been to no avail.  While I
found the entry mode easy enough, and the thing seems filled with
information regarding the hospital down to the point of minutiæ,
it seems helpless in the face of analyzing my current situation.
It may be that I have simply not found that by which this growing
mystery may be unlocked.  Perhaps by subjecting the Triage to further
experiential data, it may find something that I have missed.  But I
have little faith left at this point.  I have found a blessing in James.
He has been nothing but kind and helpful in my short time here.
I find myself wondering if, perhaps, he can be trusted enough to…
but how can I punish him with this knowledge?  But how can I bear it alone?
No. I can trust no one, in the end.  Not even James.  Perhaps soon…
not even myself.  I must stop here, I feel the faintness coming once again.
May God have mercy 'pon my soul.


nb office cube wheels triage
Press emerald scanner to activate.  It will follow.  Point or gesture
to objects.  Cat[egorize] object, util[ity of] object, part[iculars
of] object.  Optional data input system?


nb office phonograph
get /date/ from box
put cylinder into phonograph
play phonograph
get cylinder from phonograph
put cylinder into box


nb office under blotter
key 2D


nb office sandalwood box
journal tin cylinders for phonograph


nb office desk drawer
manual and brass rod
